Enemies of Carlotta 
===================

Enemies of Carlotta is a simple mailing list manager. It tries to
mimick the ezmlm software somewhat, but is written completely from
scratch, in Python. I wrote it because I finally decided that I
don't want to live with the QMail and ezmlm licenses, and couldn't
find something small and simple to replace them. For example, Mailman
is too large, and I strongly dislike its user interface.

EoC 1.2.6 has now been released. It is stable, but all programs
that interact with e-mail are broken in one way or another. Please
be careful.

EoC supports English, Finnish, French, Spanish, and Swedish. Other
languages are trivial to add. Support for a language means that all
the mails EoC sends are sent in that language. Language is chosen
for each list separately. More translations are warmly welcome.

The current version is 1.2.7.

Enemies of Carlotta is available via apt-get in Debian and Ubuntu.

It was originally written by Lars Wirzenius, and is now maintained
here at Github.

About the name
--------------

The name "Enemies of Carlotta" comes from the movie "Dead Men
Don't Wear Plaid", with Steve Martin in the lead role. It is a
comedy and a tribute to the old detective of the black-and-white
era. As part of the plot, someone makes lists of people that are
the friends or enemies of "Carlotta", where "Carlotta" is an island
where the bad guys are. "Enemies of Carlotta" are therefore the
good guys.

The option `--cleaning-woman` also comes from the movie. The main
character goes berserk at the mention of those words and that is
what the option does: it unsubscribes bouncing addresses from the
list.

The names were chosen because Lars liked the movie and thought the
names were funny. No sexism intended.

